It's just feng shui
Find a master
What else do you know?
Mr. Shen
This is Guan Jucai's son Guan Ligui
Currently the president of the Black Gold Group
People are very polite
Mr. Di
Why did you suddenly come to visit my official's house today?
Are you here to see my dad?
Ah close
I heard
Mr. Guan has not been in good health recently
I specially asked the genius doctor to take a look for him
This is the genius doctor you mentioned
I'm not in the mood to joke with you right now.
Guan Shao
How dare I joke with you about this?
Mr. Shen cured Mr. Qin's illness
And my feng shui problems
He solved it all.
If it wasn't for Mr. Shen
I'm afraid you won't see me now
The disease of hard work is cured by you
That's right, your dad, it's not a disease
It was the feng shui problem that was killed by someone
If not treated earlier
Do not seek medical attention
Nonsense
My dad is just weak and coughs a lot
How could there be any danger to life?
Are you cursing me?
You have hired a lot of amazing doctors, right?
Does it work?
According to the agreement
Less than three days
Enough to kill your Guan family?
If you dare to lie to me
I'll let you know how good I am
Hey, don't dare, don't dare, don't dare